README.md, before:

# BT DNS Manager with Multi-Device IP Verification

A dynamic DNS updater for Cloudflare-managed domains with multi-device IP verification. This system ensures that your VPN device has a different public IP than your main device, providing an additional layer of security verification.

## Features

- Automatically updates Cloudflare DNS A records when your public IP changes
- Verifies that your VPN device has a different public IP than your main device
- Sends Discord notifications about IP changes and VPN status
- Client-server architecture for multi-device coordination

## Components

### Server (Main Device)

The server component runs on your main device and:
- Monitors your main device's public IP
- Receives IP reports from the VPN client
- Updates DNS records only when appropriate
- Sends notifications via Discord webhook

### Client (VPN Device)

The client component runs on your VPN device and:
- Checks the VPN device's public IP
- Reports the IP to the server
- Can be configured to run continuously or as a one-time check

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Cloudflare API token with DNS edit permissions
- Discord webhook URL (optional, for notifications)

### Installation

1. Clone this repository to both your main device and VPN device
2. Install dependencies on both devices:

```bash
npm install
```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `config.json` file on both devices:
   - `records`: Array of domain names to manage
   - `server`: Server configuration
     - `port`: Port for the server to listen on (default: 3000)
     - `checkInterval`: Time between DNS checks in milliseconds (default: 900000 = 15 minutes)
   - `client`: Client configuration
     - `checkInterval`: Time between client IP reports in milliseconds (default: 600000 = 10 minutes)
     - `runContinuously`: Whether the client should run continuously (default: true)
   - `vpn`: VPN verification settings
     - `requireDifferentIp`: Whether to require the VPN IP to be different from the main IP
     - `alertOnMatch`: Whether to send an alert if the IPs match

2. Edit the `.env` file on the main device:
   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`: Your Cloudflare API token
   - `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL`: Your Discord webhook URL (optional)
   - `PORT`: Optional override for the port defined in config.json

3. Edit the `.env` file on the VPN device:
   - `SERVER_URL`: The URL where the server can be reached (e.g., `http://your-server-ip:3000`)

## Usage

### Running the Server (Main Device)

```bash
npm start
```

This will start the server and begin monitoring your main device's public IP.

### Running the Client (VPN Device)

```bash
npm run client
```

This will check the VPN device's public IP and report it to the server.

## How It Works

1. The server checks your main device's public IP periodically
2. The client checks the VPN device's public IP and reports it to the server
3. The server compares the two IPs to ensure they're different
4. If the IPs are different and the main IP has changed, the server updates your DNS records
5. If the IPs match, a warning is sent via Discord webhook

## API Endpoints

- `GET /api/status`: Returns the current status of all devices
- `POST /api/report-ip`: Endpoint for clients to report their IP address

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

client no longer requires .env

README.md, after:

# BT DNS Manager with Multi-Device IP Verification

A dynamic DNS updater for Cloudflare-managed domains with multi-device IP verification. This system ensures that your VPN device has a different public IP than your main device, providing an additional layer of security verification.

## Features

- Automatically updates Cloudflare DNS A records when your public IP changes
- Verifies that your VPN device has a different public IP than your main device
- Sends Discord notifications about IP changes and VPN status
- Client-server architecture for multi-device coordination

## Components

### Server (Main Device)

The server component runs on your main device and:
- Monitors your main device's public IP
- Receives IP reports from the VPN client
- Updates DNS records only when appropriate
- Sends notifications via Discord webhook

### Client (VPN Device)

The client component runs on your VPN device and:
- Checks the VPN device's public IP
- Reports the IP to the server
- Can be configured to run continuously or as a one-time check

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Cloudflare API token with DNS edit permissions
- Discord webhook URL (optional, for notifications)

### Installation

1. Clone this repository to both your main device and VPN device
2. Install dependencies on both devices:

```bash
npm install
```

### Configuration

1. Edit the `config.json` file on both devices:
   - `records`: Array of domain names to manage
   - `server`: Server configuration
     - `port`: Port for the server to listen on (default: 3000)
     - `checkInterval`: Time between DNS checks in milliseconds (default: 900000 = 15 minutes)
   - `client`: Client configuration
     - `checkInterval`: Time between client IP reports in milliseconds (default: 600000 = 10 minutes)
     - `runContinuously`: Whether the client should run continuously (default: true)
   - `vpn`: VPN verification settings
     - `requireDifferentIp`: Whether to require the VPN IP to be different from the main IP
     - `alertOnMatch`: Whether to send an alert if the IPs match

2. Edit the `.env` file on the main device:
   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`: Your Cloudflare API token
   - `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL`: Your Discord webhook URL (optional)
   - `PORT`: Optional override for the port defined in config.json

3. For the VPN device, you can either:
   - Edit the `config.json` file to configure the client settings:
     - `client.serverUrl`: The URL where the server can be reached
     - `client.checkInterval`: Time between checks in milliseconds
     - `client.runContinuously`: Whether to run continuously or just once
   - Or use command line arguments when running the client (these override config.json):
     ```bash
     node client.js --server-url http://your-server-ip:3000 --continuous --interval 600000
     ```

## Usage

### Running the Server (Main Device)

```bash
npm start
```

This will start the server and begin monitoring your main device's public IP.

### Running the Client (VPN Device)

```bash
npm run client
```

This will check the VPN device's public IP and report it to the server.

## How It Works

1. The server checks your main device's public IP periodically
2. The client checks the VPN device's public IP and reports it to the server
3. The server compares the two IPs to ensure they're different
4. If the IPs are different and the main IP has changed, the server updates your DNS records
5. If the IPs match, a warning is sent via Discord webhook

## API Endpoints

- `GET /api/status`: Returns the current status of all devices
- `POST /api/report-ip`: Endpoint for clients to report their IP address

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
